choirs from the balcony and with so
a night hairstyle I say so it is
the last arm we already have
A quarter past twelve I'm just after
come home
we were still cocktails for so long
sipping alcohol-free will of course
and I wanted you now times I will
use the time and you guys now
Show what I bought so vacation
and professionally so on here
you probably already have
seen some videos or at one time
be different than the t shirt here
what I have just realized that
jack daniel's thing you know
So I do not drink any alcohol I have
make the top just so much and
then I bought myself and one
another top here is this upholstery
in pink actually I'm not like that
but I found they were there too
not only because it is
over and I found the color too
Great and I mean five euros
costs and then I have that
taken and then I have one more
Rose from wood you can see the seagull
and you also know the color as one
totally like the papers of this
body part so the motto or I stand
on this motto and meant something now
also painted Bordeaux red
I also totally like a little shorter
So cut women for women
then I bought such a dress
so it's over from the beginning
Stripes the red so dark blue and
the sun is such a small loop in the back
I guessed that I cut off though
i think you're good that hate on the
back is just something else has
I believe only 78 euros and cost
then I have me
also bought a blouse
but red yes how actually there is
hollister top by tom
tailor i would have it head if
he is not of taylor on it but is one
good combination of the containers not at all
tommy hilfinger and here is below
the sleeves is supposed to be pattern
you just turn around and I'm up
then again pattern for this I have
now yes the currency teacher I have
I have never paid that 35
I think about 17 18 euro against
actually because they are pretty
expensive brand is and has fit well
then I have some sunglasses
Bought
three pieces at the same number
once put on a ray ban
glasses for 78 euro his dark pinko
then a heir one white with red
Ironing everything very sad
he is always right by cook
not something going on here
So I'm rather away from
the other and then just again a
ray ban the post is about to end
did you see one later?
aviator sunglasses
but it has already in the small
another video said that I already
always wanted to have one with it
but aviator sunglasses always very much
but I find that male
actually go and ever so blue
I say so and can be very good
I already have the pink ones
told
no longer have six euros the white
I give five years
the lignite 78 euro
and I only have two jackets and
shoes from now on I always have one
jacket how can I do that badly
want a whole shell again
fuzzy this is an action norway
he would like to be sure of this too
winter pullover with steffi parcours as
from behind her
So the corner is a really big one
You can see here really nice coat and
m front so if you just go to
Has cost 17 euros hooded
front because so I know just understand
we are on it
just buy
apa
do not know it's a brand
or something
now nice to the cold then here
also a role again
then I go simply should I
I found so nice cuddly because I
Also again to see that
I thought I would not do that now
as in the horn and the goal of them all
We have a lot to do here now
complicated or not easy to show
in the camera
this one
and stop the r is the stop it
always made sure that however the
Quality is often very bad and
but that was pretty good
and then here to the highlight conclusion
once again
burgundy bands there I am so
happy about it
that was a bit more expensive and 20 euros
But it costs really good quality my
foot has the right adapted
my foot has adjusted
Today were still bright red buy
no longer so because it has my
but ditches do it very well
been shoe short 36 very small
failed and who rose from god have
I go to school, we all yes
always say well there is just so so
good for I'd say like today was
I'm not that I do not know
Buy yourself quite well looks like I like
seen the wine route fabians because
wine red jacket club red rose me
it would be what it was from 1 then
I go now even if the signs on
which is also here by force
simply about how everything just then but
Let's get that good
aus favorably with and therefore
I have myself here in the beautiful
I would have sold anyway
also from that he assure himself without
pattern was somehow not white
I'll just show you that
enlarge his pink jacket trousers clubs
that he too so hollister
sign on it and I think so too
cheap I think 10 15 euro
deposited and well I have already
I spent a little money
but also taken own pocket money
I think that you are better in Bulgaria
can shop as in turkey and also
much cheaper just because the in the
Turkey introduced and committed the euro
then has better and all that
pretty cheap
you always have to act a bit
I actually have this month
falls I know that if I acted
I do not like that and now
Tilts the video
into the water
it appears
the end
no matter what google knows the sentence now
probably still come now
OK
say now yes there is always a lot
to say tomorrow 29 we will pick up
we'll get up at 6pm like that
had to pack my suitcase already
Half-fare but jolo
O